# The Healthy Brain Network Preprocessed Open Diffusion Derivatives (HBN-POD2)

This repository contains code, results, and the manuscript for the Healthy Brain Network Preprocessed Open Diffusion Derivatives (HBN-POD2) project.

## Project Organization

    .
    ├── LICENSE            <- BSD-3 license
    ├── Makefile           <- Type `make` to see the help for this command.
    ├── README.md          <- This README file
    ├── data
    │   ├── derived        <- Data from third party sources.
    │   └── osfstorage     <- The original, immutable data dump, populated with the `make data` command.
    ├── docker             <- Contains one directory per docker service
    ├── docker-compose.yml <- Defines the docker services that are called in the Makefile
    ├── figures            <- Directory for figures generated by the various Makefile commands
    ├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks
    └── paper              <- A git submodule containing the manuscript source in LaTeX

## Prerequisites

### Docker

To reproduce the results of the HBN-POD2 paper, you must [install
Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/).
After that, type
```bash
make build
```
to build all of the required Docker images for this repository.

## Data

To download the source data from OSF, type
```bash
make data
```

## What now

Type
```bash
make
```
to see a list of available commands. Commands that don't start with the
prefix "dl-" should work out-of-the-box. The ones that do will require
credentials for Google Cloud Platform, which can be provided in the
`.env` file. A template is provided in `.env.template`. So you can
get started by typing
```bash
cp .env.template .env
```
and then editing the `.env` file with your favorite text editor.

